chore(): add disclaimer for boostrapping feature flags behavior post-init (#9988)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/snippets/bootstrapping-intro.mdx

Since there is a delay between initializing PostHog and fetching feature flags, feature flags are not always available immediately. This makes them unusable if you want to do something like redirecting a user to a different page based on a feature flag.

> To have your feature flags available immediately, you can initialize PostHog with precomputed values until it has had a chance to fetch them. This is called bootstrapping. After the SDK is able to fetch feature flags from PostHog, it will use those flag values instead of bootstrapped flag values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have your feature flags available immediately, you can initialize PostHog with precomputed values until it has had a chance to fetch them. This is called bootstrapping. After the SDK fetches feature flags from PostHog, it will use those flag values instead of bootstrapped ones.
```

Author: Thank you Ivan 😃
